README.md, before:

**This is a FORK of https://github.com/amiorin/vim-project**

Changes:

- New command ``GoProject`` to select a project from the ``cmdline mode``
- New options ``project_enable_tab_title_gui`` and ``project_enable_win_title``.
- Add support for tabline; new option ``project_enable_tab_title_term``.
- New command ``CallbackAllProjects`` to add a callback to all defined projects.
- New commands ``TabWelcome`` and ``TabProject``
- New entity type 'section'; new commands ``Section`` and ``CallbackAllSections``
- Add support for wildcards in project paths
- Pass additional argument to callbacks indicating whether this is a 'leaf' project
  (has no further subprojects)
- In Welcome buffer, break long lines with indent

Changes are licensed under the same terms as the original

New Commands:

* ``CallbackAllProjects``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the name of a function or an array of
function names. This callback is added to all projects that have been defined so far.

* ``CallbackAllSections``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the name of a function or an array of
function names. This callback is added to all sections that have been defined so far.

* ``GoProject``
It's used inside the ``cmdline mode`` to switch to one of the defined projects.
The required parameter is the ``title`` of the project without quotation. Completion
is supported.

* ``Section``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. Similar to ``Project``, except that lcd is executed only when the
section is selected from the Welcome menu or with GoProject or TabProject. The lcd is not changed
when opening a file in the section.

* ``TabProject`` is like ``GoProject``, but opens the project in a new tab.

* ``TabWelcome`` is like ``Welcome``, but opens in a new tab.

New Options:

* ``project_enable_tab_title_gui``: show project name in tab title (values: 0, 1; default: 1).
When set to 1, the project to which the file belongs is shown in the tab's title in GUI vim.
  ```vim
  g:project_enable_tab_title_gui=0
  ```

* ``project_enable_tab_title_term``: show project name in tab title (values: 0, 1; default: 0).
When set to 1, the project to which the file belongs is shown in the tab's title in terminal vim.
  ```vim
  g:project_enable_tab_title_term=1
  ```

* ``project_enable_win_title``: show current working directory in window title (values: 0, 1;
default: 1). When set to 1, the current working directory is shown in the window's title bar in GUI
vim.
  ```vim
  g:project_enable_win_title=0
  ```

# Original README

## News
* [New feature](#callbacks) ``project#utils#alternate``. To alternate between `file.ext` and
  ``file_suffix.ext`` or ``fileSuffix.ext`` with the command ``:A``
* [Windows support added](https://twitter.com/amiorin/status/336003331984076800)

## Introduction
A Project is made of :
* One directory (the ``root of the project``)
* One title (by default the last part of the the ``root of the project``)
* One or more ``callbacks``

Everytime you open a file nested in the ``root of the project``
* the ``local current directory`` is changed to the ``root of the project``
* the ``guitablabel`` is set to the ``title`` of the project
* the ``callbacks`` of the project are executed

![img][0]

## Commands
There are four commands :
* ``Project``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the ``path`` to the
project. The second parameter is optional and it is the ``title`` of the
project and the default value of it is the last part of the name of the
directory containing the project.  If the ``path`` to the project is a
relative path, it's combined with the ``starting path``.  The ``starting
path`` is defined when you initialize the plugin :

```vim
set rtp+=~/.vim/bundle/vim-project/
" custom starting path
call project#rc("~/Code")
" default starting path (the home directory)
call project#rc()
```

* ``ProjectPath``
It's used inside the ``cmdline mode``. The first parameter is the ``path``
without quotation. The second parameter is optional and it is the ``title`` of
the project without quotation.
If the ``path`` to the project is a relative path, it's combined with
``current working directory`` and **not** with the ``starting path``.
* ``File``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the ``path`` to
the file. The second parameter is the ``title`` of the file. This command
doesn't change the ``local current directory``.
* ``Callback``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the ``title`` of a
project already defined with ``Project`` or ``File``. The second parameter is
the name a function or an array of function names. This function or these
functions are callbacks and they are executed everytime a file nested in the
``root of the project`` is opened with **one parameter** that is the ``title``
of the project.
* ``Welcome`` It's the [``Startify``](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify) equivalent.
If you don't want ``Welcome`` to appear when you start vim:

```vim
" before call project#rc()
let g:project_enable_welcome = 0
" if you want the NERDTree integration.
let g:project_use_nerdtree = 1

set rtp+=~/.vim/bundle/vim-project/
call project#rc("~/Code")
```

![Welcome](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BJH4RgDCcAEYv4E.png:large)

## Callbacks
The command ``Callback`` accepts a string (the name of the function). The
function ``project#config#callback`` accepts string or dictionary. If it's a
dictionary, the method ``invoke(title)`` is called on the dictionary.

```vim
" For more information on dictionary and prototype programming in vim :
:h self
```

The function ``project#utils#alternate`` can be used together with
``project#config#callback``. It returns a dictionary. This dictionary
has the method ``invoke(title)`` that creates ``<buffer>`` commands to
switch to the alternate files like the plugin [vim-rake](https://github.com/tpope/vim-rake).

```vim
" :A :AE :AS :AV :AT :AD :AR . They all accept the bang (!)
" Remembet that the title of the project is only the last dir of the path
Project  'nugg.ad/nuggad-compiler'

" project#utils#alternate returns a dictionary with a method ``invoke(title)``.
"
" everytime we open a file inside the project if the path starts with
" ``spec`` or ``src`` the commands :A are defined.
"
" +_spec means add _spec to the file
" -_spec means remove _spec to the file
call project#config#callback("nuggad-compiler", project#utils#alternate(
  \  [{'regex': '^src', 'string': 'spec', 'suffix': '+_spec'},
  \   {'regex': '^spec', 'string': 'src', 'suffix': '-_spec'}]
  \  ))
```

## Install
If you use [Vundle][1] you can install this plugin using Vim command `:BundleInstall amiorin/vim-project`.
Don't forget put a line `Bundle 'amiorin/vim-project'` in your `.vimrc`.

If you use [Pathogen][2], you just execute following:

```sh
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone https://github.com/amiorin/vim-project.git
```

If you don't use either plugin management system, copy the `plugin` directory to your `.vim` directory.

\*nix: $HOME/.vim
Windows: $HOME/vimfiles

## Configure
sample ``.vimrc``:

```vim
let g:project_use_nerdtree = 1
set rtp+=~/.vim/bundle/vim-project/
call project#rc("~/Code")

Project  'scratch'

Project  'dotfiles'
File     'dotfiles/vimrc'                       , 'vimrc'
File     'dotfiles/gvimrc'                      , 'gvimrc'
File     'dotfiles/zshrc'                       , 'zshrc'

Project  'gollum'
File     'gollum/Todo.md'                       , 'todo'
Callback 'gollum'                               , 'RemoveTextWidth'

function! RemoveTextWidth(...) abort
  setlocal textwidth=0
endfunction

Project  'octopress'
Project  'gsource'
Project  'markup'
Project  'glib'
Project  'reloadlive'
Project  'flashcards'
Project  'leitner'
Callback 'leitner'                              , ['AddSpecToPath', 'RemoveTextWidth']

function! AddSpecToPath(tile) abort
  setlocal path+=spec
endfunction

Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-fenced-code-blocks' , 'fenced'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-project'            , 'project'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-bookmarks'          , 'bookmarks'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp.vim'              , 'ctrlp'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp-z'                , 'ctrlp-z'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-eval'               , 'eval'
```

## Interactive
From the ``cmdline mode``.

``ProjectPath`` uses the ``cwd`` and the arguments are not quoted.
```vim
:ProjectPath .
:ProjectPath /etc myconfig
```

## Self-Promotion
Like this plugin?
* Star the repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/amiorin/vim-project)
* Follow me on
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/amiorin)
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/amiorin)
  * [Blog](http://albertomiorin.com)

[0]: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BIcCUupCMAEG8Lg.png:large
[1]: https://github.com/gmarik/vundle.git
[2]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/amiorin/vim-project/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

Add LockProject and UnlockProject commands

README.md, after:

**This is a FORK of https://github.com/amiorin/vim-project**

Changes:

- New commands ``LockProject`` and ``UnlockProject`` to lock and unlock,
  respectively, the current working directory
- New command ``GoProject`` to select a project from the ``cmdline mode``
- New options ``project_enable_tab_title_gui`` and ``project_enable_win_title``
- Add support for tabline; new option ``project_enable_tab_title_term``
- New command ``CallbackAllProjects`` to add a callback to all defined projects.
- New commands ``TabWelcome`` and ``TabProject``
- New entity type 'section'; new commands ``Section`` and ``CallbackAllSections``
- Add support for wildcards in project paths
- Pass additional argument to callbacks indicating whether this is a 'leaf' project
  (has no further subprojects)
- In Welcome buffer, break long lines with indent

Changes are licensed under the same terms as the original

New Commands:

* ``CallbackAllProjects``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the name of a function or an array of
function names. This callback is added to all projects that have been defined so far.

* ``CallbackAllSections``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the name of a function or an array of
function names. This callback is added to all sections that have been defined so far.

* ``GoProject``
It's used inside the ``cmdline mode`` to switch to one of the defined projects.
The required parameter is the ``title`` of the project without quotation. Completion
is supported.

* ``LockProject``
Lock the project's current working directory so opening a file from the project doesn't reset
the window's current working directory to the project directory.

* ``Section``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. Similar to ``Project``, except that lcd is executed only when the
section is selected from the Welcome menu or with GoProject or TabProject. The lcd is not changed
when opening a file in the section.

* ``TabProject`` is like ``GoProject``, but opens the project in a new tab.

* ``TabWelcome`` is like ``Welcome``, but opens in a new tab.

* ``UnlockProject``
Undo the effects of ``LockProject``

New Options:

* ``project_enable_tab_title_gui``: show project name in tab title (values: 0, 1; default: 1).
When set to 1, the project to which the file belongs is shown in the tab's title in GUI vim.
  ```vim
  g:project_enable_tab_title_gui=0
  ```

* ``project_enable_tab_title_term``: show project name in tab title (values: 0, 1; default: 0).
When set to 1, the project to which the file belongs is shown in the tab's title in terminal vim.
  ```vim
  g:project_enable_tab_title_term=1
  ```

* ``project_enable_win_title``: show current working directory in window title (values: 0, 1;
default: 1). When set to 1, the current working directory is shown in the window's title bar in GUI
vim.
  ```vim
  g:project_enable_win_title=0
  ```

# Original README

## News
* [New feature](#callbacks) ``project#utils#alternate``. To alternate between `file.ext` and
  ``file_suffix.ext`` or ``fileSuffix.ext`` with the command ``:A``
* [Windows support added](https://twitter.com/amiorin/status/336003331984076800)

## Introduction
A Project is made of :
* One directory (the ``root of the project``)
* One title (by default the last part of the the ``root of the project``)
* One or more ``callbacks``

Everytime you open a file nested in the ``root of the project``
* the ``local current directory`` is changed to the ``root of the project``
* the ``guitablabel`` is set to the ``title`` of the project
* the ``callbacks`` of the project are executed

![img][0]

## Commands
There are four commands :
* ``Project``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the ``path`` to the
project. The second parameter is optional and it is the ``title`` of the
project and the default value of it is the last part of the name of the
directory containing the project.  If the ``path`` to the project is a
relative path, it's combined with the ``starting path``.  The ``starting
path`` is defined when you initialize the plugin :

```vim
set rtp+=~/.vim/bundle/vim-project/
" custom starting path
call project#rc("~/Code")
" default starting path (the home directory)
call project#rc()
```

* ``ProjectPath``
It's used inside the ``cmdline mode``. The first parameter is the ``path``
without quotation. The second parameter is optional and it is the ``title`` of
the project without quotation.
If the ``path`` to the project is a relative path, it's combined with
``current working directory`` and **not** with the ``starting path``.
* ``File``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the ``path`` to
the file. The second parameter is the ``title`` of the file. This command
doesn't change the ``local current directory``.
* ``Callback``
It's used inside the ``.vimrc``. The first parameter is the ``title`` of a
project already defined with ``Project`` or ``File``. The second parameter is
the name a function or an array of function names. This function or these
functions are callbacks and they are executed everytime a file nested in the
``root of the project`` is opened with **one parameter** that is the ``title``
of the project.
* ``Welcome`` It's the [``Startify``](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify) equivalent.
If you don't want ``Welcome`` to appear when you start vim:

```vim
" before call project#rc()
let g:project_enable_welcome = 0
" if you want the NERDTree integration.
let g:project_use_nerdtree = 1

set rtp+=~/.vim/bundle/vim-project/
call project#rc("~/Code")
```

![Welcome](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BJH4RgDCcAEYv4E.png:large)

## Callbacks
The command ``Callback`` accepts a string (the name of the function). The
function ``project#config#callback`` accepts string or dictionary. If it's a
dictionary, the method ``invoke(title)`` is called on the dictionary.

```vim
" For more information on dictionary and prototype programming in vim :
:h self
```

The function ``project#utils#alternate`` can be used together with
``project#config#callback``. It returns a dictionary. This dictionary
has the method ``invoke(title)`` that creates ``<buffer>`` commands to
switch to the alternate files like the plugin [vim-rake](https://github.com/tpope/vim-rake).

```vim
" :A :AE :AS :AV :AT :AD :AR . They all accept the bang (!)
" Remembet that the title of the project is only the last dir of the path
Project  'nugg.ad/nuggad-compiler'

" project#utils#alternate returns a dictionary with a method ``invoke(title)``.
"
" everytime we open a file inside the project if the path starts with
" ``spec`` or ``src`` the commands :A are defined.
"
" +_spec means add _spec to the file
" -_spec means remove _spec to the file
call project#config#callback("nuggad-compiler", project#utils#alternate(
  \  [{'regex': '^src', 'string': 'spec', 'suffix': '+_spec'},
  \   {'regex': '^spec', 'string': 'src', 'suffix': '-_spec'}]
  \  ))
```

## Install
If you use [Vundle][1] you can install this plugin using Vim command `:BundleInstall amiorin/vim-project`.
Don't forget put a line `Bundle 'amiorin/vim-project'` in your `.vimrc`.

If you use [Pathogen][2], you just execute following:

```sh
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone https://github.com/amiorin/vim-project.git
```

If you don't use either plugin management system, copy the `plugin` directory to your `.vim` directory.

\*nix: $HOME/.vim
Windows: $HOME/vimfiles

## Configure
sample ``.vimrc``:

```vim
let g:project_use_nerdtree = 1
set rtp+=~/.vim/bundle/vim-project/
call project#rc("~/Code")

Project  'scratch'

Project  'dotfiles'
File     'dotfiles/vimrc'                       , 'vimrc'
File     'dotfiles/gvimrc'                      , 'gvimrc'
File     'dotfiles/zshrc'                       , 'zshrc'

Project  'gollum'
File     'gollum/Todo.md'                       , 'todo'
Callback 'gollum'                               , 'RemoveTextWidth'

function! RemoveTextWidth(...) abort
  setlocal textwidth=0
endfunction

Project  'octopress'
Project  'gsource'
Project  'markup'
Project  'glib'
Project  'reloadlive'
Project  'flashcards'
Project  'leitner'
Callback 'leitner'                              , ['AddSpecToPath', 'RemoveTextWidth']

function! AddSpecToPath(tile) abort
  setlocal path+=spec
endfunction

Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-fenced-code-blocks' , 'fenced'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-project'            , 'project'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-bookmarks'          , 'bookmarks'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp.vim'              , 'ctrlp'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp-z'                , 'ctrlp-z'
Project  '~/.vim/bundle/vim-eval'               , 'eval'
```

## Interactive
From the ``cmdline mode``.

``ProjectPath`` uses the ``cwd`` and the arguments are not quoted.
```vim
:ProjectPath .
:ProjectPath /etc myconfig
```

## Self-Promotion
Like this plugin?
* Star the repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/amiorin/vim-project)
* Follow me on
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/amiorin)
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/amiorin)
  * [Blog](http://albertomiorin.com)

[0]: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BIcCUupCMAEG8Lg.png:large
[1]: https://github.com/gmarik/vundle.git
[2]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/amiorin/vim-project/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")
